# ASS-01-002
 Project Reflection:
This was quite an interesting project. Starting out, I really didn’t enjoy HTML or CSS coding and took this class entirely as a way to improve my skills in something I was sure I hated doing. However, I’ve ended up really enjoying the content and the way this was done. I managed to find the design process in this very different medium from what I’m used to, and I came to really enjoy the process.
I spent a lot of time on my low-fi prototypes. Being a student of industrial design, I’m used to spending a lot of time on the design and concept before jumping into CAD or prototyping, or in this case jumping into coding. I think following this familiar process really helped me, as it meant that I didn’t have to try to design and learn the languages at the same time. Once I had my prototypes I believe I did a pretty good job overall with the layout and general usability of the site I made. I wanted to focus on minimalist, basic ease of use. Putting the majority of background company info onto the home page allowed me to clean the entire site up the way I wanted, although that isn’t what I originally intended with my first drawings.
My low-fidelity prototypes were pretty rough, but go the idea across. I ended up not having nearly as many pages as the drawings indicated, and felt it would be better to combine more and more of the pages as I went on. Having a single “resources” page allowed me to put together the Canberra’s Modern, Articles and Gallery pages all into one. Similarly, the home page now contained all of the content of the Home, About, Events and Partners  pages from the original site. All of these things didn’t need to be separate and it ended up quite beneficial to keep them all together. 
I stuck pretty strictly to my draft drawings of the home page and Events page, but changed it a lot when I got to the other pages. As stated above, I didn’t intend to combine all of these originally but it ended up working out. The resources page was designed on the fly, while I coded it. This was possible as I got more confident with the languages I was using. 
I really wanted to include image carousels and some other more complex items in my site, but unfortunately that would have involved using Javascript. I have never even looked at Javacript, so after a bit of fiddling I realised I couldn’t get anything to the quality I wanted in the given time frame so I scrapped the idea and decided to leave the implementation of those elements for a later date. This meant I ended up with many blank pages, so I just put in the basic page layout without adding any content.
As for tools that helped me, ChatGPT all the way. It’s pretty far from being a perfect or even accurate tool, but it gave good enough explanations for why my code was wrong and why its code worked that I was able to understand. Of course, its code never worked, but that’s beside the point. It gave me enough to work off of, and was a really valuable learning tool as long as I learned how to use it before trying to learn from it. 
Other than that, the usual I guess. W3 Schools was a permanent tab (or 5) open on my computer and I used many different forums looking for very specific answers to very niche problems. 

Oh one little note: I had file issues with Github and had to copy everything over into a new repository a week or so ago, so you'll only have commits from then on. I hope you will believe that I did, in fact, have commits from earlier. Especially since you saw them in class. 

Overall impression of this assignment: I enjoyed it! A lot more than I expected. It was super interesting to learn, and with a bit of help from modern learning tools it became a really fun way to do an assignment. Thanks!
